Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, we see all this stuff in the news.
Yesterday was a wow, wasn't it?
With the earthquake in Alaska, the major earthquake in Alaska, then we had the attack on Damascus.
And there's just so many things that the Lord has warned us about previously over the last 6 months or so.
We're seeing it in the news now.
This stuff seems to be stuff we've been praying over just like in June, and now we're seeing it.
The last time I told you all, we should watch Syria.
We should watch Syria after Israel attacked Iran.
I had such a caution about Syria.
I said there are biological weapons that will be coming out of Syria in the days ahead to attack Israel.
And so we haven't seen that yet, but Israel is already attacking Syria.
What will be the outcome concerning this?
I believe though there is a potential to be an escalation of war coming out of Syria.
I even talked about this on Kim Clement with Don.
I told you all to watch Syria.
I saw biological weapons, and I've told you all that.
So less than 48 hours later, we see an attack from Israel against Damascus.
Now, the Syrian president, the prime minister, the Syrian prime minister came out and spoke out against Israel for doing this.
And I told everybody, when you see Syria get struck, the international community will come to the aid of Syria more than they will Iran.
They will act like it's their brother being wounded, and they will actually...
I saw Turkey being furious about this, and they started beating their war drums, and there was an actual ground invasion from Turkey and Syria in the days ahead.
Will this be that time frame?
I don't know.
I just know I saw it coming, and I saw Damascus becoming what the Bible calls a ruinous heap.
So that was part of what we saw yesterday.
So I know there'll be an outcry if this keeps escalating from Hezbollah and all these things.
Folks, the fig tree is ripe.
Look at what's happening all around us as we are praying on this channel.
God called us and He said, 'Brandon, I'm raising up a generation of prayer warriors.
Everything in the spirit realm has to happen in the spirit before it happens in the natural.
But it's prayed out.
The revival will be prayed out, the end times—it all has to be prayed out.
' And that's why He said, 'I'm raising up leaders of prayer warriors in these end times to go and pray on YouTube.
A million-person men and women prayer army is what I'm called to raise up right now.
' We have 551,000 people that come on here and pray with us, and every video is growing.
So, we're excited.
Welcome to every single one of you that are serious about prayer.
Welcome.
Thank you for joining us.
We take prayer very seriously in our household and we know that prayer changes things.
As we've seen the major earthquake take place in Alaska when I warned you—I keep hearing the Ring of Fire, praying over the Ring of Fire—we had a 7.
2 earthquake yesterday with Alaska and it was a major thing.
They called tsunami warnings, and they told everybody a tsunami was coming and all these things.
Well, that didn't happen.
Why?
Because I believe prayer changes things.
That's what I believe we're called to do.
I saw a major tsunami.
Was that the big one that the Lord's warning about?
I don't believe so, because I saw British Columbia.
I saw the buildings completely falling.
But could our prayers—this is what I thought when I was praying—could our prayers, these tremors of 7.
2, 7.
0, 6.
0, whatever, and around that Ring of Fire, is that relieving pressure on that volcano that I saw right outside Oregon's coastline?
Is that relieving pressure?
I don't know.
Is this one of the ones before the big one?
If everyone remembers the vision that I had when I was praying almost over a year—it's been over a year ago back in 2023, whenever the Lord showed me Yellowstone National Park and I saw the golden tarp that was over it and it was sewed to the ground.
And I told everybody, the Lord keeps bringing that up to me the last couple of days, that that tarp is being unstitched.
There have been bad decisions that have been made, and the Lord warned me about all that stuff, and we're seeing the escalation of all kinds of activity around those volcanoes up around Oregon, around the Seattle area, all that area.
I don't remember those mountains, forgive me, but there's a group of volcanoes up in there and the Lord is talking to me about that and the one outside in the ocean.
So, we're praying for that, that that won't escalate to where I saw it, where many people will lose their lives.
I'm telling you all, this is a very serious time for what I saw in that water outside in the Pacific Ocean outside of Oregon.
I saw a mile-wide—if you go back and watch the video, I said it was a mile-wide volcano.
And when this volcano goes off, it causes a massive tsunami wave and great devastation all on the coastline.
And people are freaking out about that.
But like I said, I'm not here to call you to fear.
I'm called to call you to pray.
And we pray as the body of Christ, as this great army of warriors.
The Lord said, 'I've assembled together, Brandon, some of the greatest prayer warriors of this generation on this channel, from the elderly to the young.
I'm bringing you all together to pray as an army.
And as you pray, prayer changes things.
' And that's the whole thing about my foundation.
That's everything.
We believe prayer changes things.
So, people are sending—Diana, I can't tell you how many people sent these videos of the people filming this van, this white van in New York City being pulled over and the officer smelled propane.
So, they looked in the back because this guy ran off on foot, and it was a white van.
It had seven times the illegal amount of propane and gas and diesel in the back of this van.
They broke into the van.
They unloaded the van, and it was full—seven times the legal limit to have in the back of a van.
So we got that video and I just thought, you know what?
This is something because it's a white van.
Now, what did God show me?
He showed me fertilizer.
He didn't show me propane.
He didn't show me gasoline, but he showed me New York white vans and fertilizer, big 50-gallon drums of fertilizer.
So, that's the part of the vision that did not line up.
But I just thought it was interesting that it's a white van with all this burning combustible fuel in the back of it.
Is this something to be watchful over right now?
I believe it is.
I really truly believe it's something to pray over right now.
And because I told you, as we see Israel and America striking, there's a Red Dawn experience.
And I'm telling you all, this is just the beginning of things that I believe are going to escalate in America in the days ahead.
He circled September.
He circled these summer months.
I've warned you and warned you to keep continual prayer going, praying over our churches, praying over our government, praying over our leaders.
I saw attacks still trying to come against our president, interceding for this nation like we've never interceded before.
This is a time like never before that we need to pray.
We need to pray again, continual prayer.
So if this was nothing and it was just a delivery guy delivering seven times the legal limit of propane and all the gasoline to hot dog vendors, then whatever.
But either way, my eyes are still alert.
I'm still watching, and we're watching with all we have right now because we're on high alert.
This is a time like never before.
This is like he said, a 9/11 event, something like 9/11 that the enemy would try to come and try to stir up something again against the American people.
So, are we seeing that?
I pray we're not, but it's not something to be ignorant over.
And all the people say, "Well, Brandon, you got that right.
I want you.
" And then people say, "Well, Brandon, boy, you got another one right.
You need to stay humble.
" Folks, me coming on here and telling you that something is about to happen is not me trying to brag about it.
I know that Jesus is the only way that I see stuff.
Trust me, I can't make it happen on my own.
It's only when he wills.
When the spirit of the Lord wants me to see something, he shows me something.
Because I try all the time to sit and pray and just, 'Lord, show me something.
' But it's only when the anointing comes on.
It is only whenever he wants it.
That's why I say if he wants to show something, that's why I always take communion.
I say if he wants to show something, fine.
If he don't, fine.
But I'm a willing vessel to be here.
And that's why I always stay in the constant attitude of I know that I have this treasure in an earthen vessel that the excellency of power will be known to him and not in me.
I realize there's a lot of people that always are, especially a lot of friends, so-called friends, they go, "Brandon, don't get a big head.
Remember to stay humble.
" And I'm like, "All I'm looking for right now.
" The world tries to keep you humble as they can.
They try to beat you down.
I'm just looking for sometimes some friends to love on you.
Most people think it's their job to try to keep you humble.
But I realize it's a lot of insecurity on a lot of people's part because they don't feel like they're doing anything.
And I understand that.
I've been there.
I understand it, folks.
But I want to tell you, don't worry about Brandon.
I have a lot around me that keeps me humble all the time.
You just don't know about it.
And God is faithful to us.
He's faithful to us.
But I want you to understand it.
I always know it is not me.
It's never me.
I am just a vessel just like you're a vessel that he chose to use today.
He can use any one of us, and he does every day, using a lot of people.
But I just want to always keep my heart right and tell you when I'm seeing all the earthquakes and all this stuff, people try to tell you, "Brandon, you need to stay humble.
" I'm like, folks, I know it is not me.
And I tell Brandon all the time, "This is not Brandon Biggs.
" It's the furthest thing from being Brandon Biggs.
It's all about Jesus trying to warn his people.
And he said, "I've called you to be a general in these last days to raise up a prayer army.
" And I'm doing the best I can.
So, I appreciate you being patient with me, even if it comes across as if you think I'm being arrogant.
So, thank you for your love and support, and you pray for me as I pray for you.
So, let's pray right now and let's seek the Lord because I'm telling you all, there's much to pray about.
And so we're going to just seek him and we're going to find him.
And he said, "If you knock, the door will be opened unto us.
" And as we seek him on a day-to-day basis, we will find him.
And I'm so thankful for every single one of you that show up on a day-to-day basis and be a part of this channel.
It's such a blessing.
And thank you for all your likes, your support, your kind words, your birthday cards, all the birthday cards, the people sending me stuff.
And then they sent this really cool book, this old hymnal to Diana.
It's probably an antique, but there's pages of it torn.
And I just think that stuff like that's kind.
You know, there's so many of you all that you say we've touched your life.
I can tell y'all it's just Jesus.
We're so thankful that you'd want to come and listen to our videos.
It's such a blessing that you show up every time and say, "Brandon, let's pray.
Take as long as you want, Brandon.
" Most of you say here on this last one, "Don't listen to the naysayers.
Just keep praying, boy.
" And I'm like, okay, let's do it.
Let's pray.
We want to pray for five hours.
And I'm like, "Wow, okay, that's a long time.
Five hours praying on a camera like this.
" These lights are hot and I sweat a lot.
And after I'm done, I feel like I've been underneath a hot light, you know?
It's like, "Where were you on the night of the 18th?
" It's like, do you all remember Dick Tracy whenever that guy...
He was a detective and he was underneath the hot light and whatever.
I don't know, I just remember that in the '80s, '90s maybe when I was a kid, something about Dick Tracy, but he was like talking to his watch like we have now, it's like Siri on his watch.
He had that old watch.
Ain't that neat?
I don't know.
All right.
Well, let's pray.
You want to go tubing?
That's what I say.
The Lord said, "Pray, pray, pray, pray.
" Time to pray.
Let's pray about these things and see what the Lord shows us.
So, I took communion a little bit ago.
We've made two videos tonight.
And the Lord said, "Braden, you're not done.
You need to go make another video.
You have to pray more.
" And I've already done a two-hour video.
And he wanted me to do another one.
Lord, I just praise you and I worship you and I thank you.
Whatever you're wanting to show us, you lead, we follow.
Father, whatever is on your heart, Father, I'll pray it through.
I know you said I needed to pray more.
There is more here.
And there's urgency in the spirit realm.
What is the urgency, oh Father?
I thank you, Father, that you show us as we pray these things out in the spirit, praying in the spirit with a brand new tongue.
I love that song.
Father, I thank you.
I worship you.
Father, we plead the blood around this house.
We plead the blood, Father, that I hear your voice only and a stranger's voice I'll not follow.
We worship you.
We thank you, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
And we praise you through the storms of life.
We praise you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
Oh Lord, we praise you.
We worship you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Okay.
He said, "Pray.
" I heard what he just said right then.
Okay.
Father, we pray over the releasing of the crypto and Judge Torres and over the hindrances of the blocking of the hose.
And Father, tomorrow is Thursday.
And we pray over our Thursday right now.
Right now in the name of Jesus.
And we say, "Release the hose and let it go.
" Satan, release the hose right now and let it go.
We call it done.
We call the waterfall to flow.
We call the flow of the Holy Spirit to flow over the finances right now in the name of Jesus, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We call it done.
We call it done over our Thursday, over our time that we say in the name of Jesus, the judge will rule on our behalf, in our favor concerning this.
And we say in the name of Jesus, thus far and no further concerning this anymore in Jesus' name, as we enter into Thursday, and we call it done, we call it in over Congress, over our house, over all that it comes in for the spiritual wealth transfer, for this great wealth transfer of the wealth of the wicked is laid up for the righteous.
And we call it in right now in the name of Jesus.
Let it go.
We call it in right now.
We call in abundance.
We call in the rivers.
We call in the overflow.
Oh, I did.
I just went to the fall again.
I'm looking at the fall again.
I'm looking at football again.
And it's interesting, he talks to me about sports.
But I know the time frame because of what sports are going on.
This is early, early fall.
Early, early, early fall.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord for the abundance.
We thank you, Lord for the overflow.
Whoa.
I see events.
I see smoke.
I see fire.
Every city mission foreign.
We're in Israel right now.
I see people making big decisions in the relocation.
This is a lot of people moving from the East Coast coming through the central again.
I see people moving.
It's like the Chicago area, all up here, all around.
I see them moving.
I see people relocating.
They're being stirred on the East Coast coming down.
Big decisions will be made around New York, around these areas.
Darkness is trying to set in.
Mystery Babylon, I'm telling you, great Mystery Babylon.
I see great darkness over New York.
Don't make that—it's about repicking that mayor.
It's about picking the wrong mayor.
This man, we must pray this way.
It will be like a dark blanket will blanket thee.
If they choose this man, I see a dark blanket blanketing and people will flee.
They will leave by the tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands.
They will leave.
I see them fleeing as if he's voted in.
People will know that this is the end.
Father, you know if he'll be voted in or not.
What I'm hearing you say is what I'm seeing is going to happen.
He said, 'No, they still have a choice.
They have a choice to vote, but he's held a veil.
I don't see the outcome, but I see the outcome if they vote this way concerning this man.
I see a dark cloud.
It's a dark blanket over them.
And I see financial structures falling.
I see the financial institution, like all the money falling.
I see Trump.
I see a fleeing of the city, like people saying, "We're out of here!
"' I see a migration.
It's like a mass migration is coming of people.
People fleeing certain areas.
People are going to start stepping into their callings.
People are going to start moving into where God has called them to be.
Finances are going to be there for them.
And there's a great acceleration of people stepping over into what God's called them to do.
You've been in that holding place.
And the Lord says to me, 'Brandon, I'm about to place them in position overnight.
They're going to be placed in the position of where I've called them and full manifestation of what I've told them to do overnight.
' It'll be that quickly.
You'll see a transition in your life that quickly.
He'll move you from one place and put you in another place, and you'll be in a new transition and a new season in your life overnight.
It'll be like that, and it'll be a paradigm shift in your life.
Everything is going to change in your life.
Great changes are coming in a 24-hour period.
A shifting in the world's economy, a shifting in the world's structure.
Everything that you see right now will cease to be, and everything will change just like that.
You'll wake up one morning and start to hear it on the news.
Everything will change.
I'm talking a change in the weather.
I see jet streams changing.
I see jet streams.
I see the sun changing.
Animals, I've warned you about this before, a migration of animals will come too soon.
A pattern of weather changes will come.
This is what I've told you.
A manipulation of the weather.
Changes are coming.
I don't know why I keep looking into the fall.
I'm looking into the fall.
And now I'm seeing Gavin Newsom's face before me.
A change is coming concerning Gavin.
I'm looking into it.
I see November.
I'm looking into the month of November.
Now I'm going to describe what I see about the month of November.
This may not make a lot of sense, but I'm going to do it the best I can.
I see a ground that looks like corn kernels on a corn cob.
And all of the ground is like those corn kernels on a corn cob.
The ground is like 'follow the yellow road.
' But these corn kernels are all on the top of the surface, and people are standing on this gold that looks like pieces of gold.
Every single one of them is lined up perfectly like an individual brick that looks like a kernel of corn, but it's gold.
And I see a scarecrow on these gold bricks.
It looks like the Wizard of Oz scarecrow, and he's taking his legs and clicking his heels in the air.
He's jumping, and they're over to the side.
I see his legs with straw, jumping like the scarecrow on the Wizard of Oz, clicking his feet in the air above this golden street.
But he's standing there alone, and I see his face and he's smiling.
It's a scarecrow, and it's over the month of November.
I know where it's at in the calendar.
I see the straw in his arms, and I see the straw in his head.
I see he doesn't have a brain.
There's a black hat on him.
And these are like rolling hills.
I see where he's standing.
This golden-looking corn is on rolling hills.
What you see is fake.
I see Black Friday, and it's around November.
It's fake.
I keep hearing, 'It's fake.
' Inflation, I hear inflation.
This is artificial.
It's inflated.
The numbers are inflated.
Okay, now this is very interesting.
I see Trump with a very orange face with a black sign that says 'interest rates.
' I see Trump with a white sign that says 'interest rates.
' And I see a percentage.
I see Trump with the orange face, yellow around his lips and yellow on his eyes.
His hair is very yellow, and his face is orange.
It looks like he has makeup on, almost like a burnt orange.
He has a blue suit on with a white shirt and a red tie, with a sign that has 'interest rates' on it, and he's talking about this sign.
He looks like a cartoon.
Now I see a pig with lipstick on.
And the pig is being presented to the people.
He has a pig on a leash, paraded around.
I see a farm with a white picket fence, and this orange-faced Donald Trump is parading a pig around.
Now we're in the month of January, and he's parading a pig.
Glory be!
The pig has pinkish-red lips with blue blush on its cheeks.
The pig is pink with blue blush on its face, its eyes have makeup painted on, and the pig has a mask of makeup on.
It has a brown leash on, and Trump is holding the pig.
And now I see houses.
I see houses all lined up like Monopoly.
Houses are good.
You see, they try to—I see like a green arrow on these houses.
Like an arrow going up on a chart on houses, they're all one-story homes.
They're all like middle-class homes.
These are not big.
now, I see big John Deere tractors and their fields.
I see fields that the plows are plowing, but they're just dirt fields.
These are huge tractors tilling up the fields, and there are dirt fields.
Now, this is very interesting.
Now, I see wheat bending over, and I see China on the land.
I see China written across the land, up towards Kansas, up by Nebraska.
I see China written across the farmland, and I see wheat bending over.
The stalks of the wheat are bending over to the ground like they're trying to touch the ground.
And there's writing on this that says China.
It's black and there's white, and there's a black star for capitals, like where you would see a capital on a map, like Topeka, Kansas or wherever.
I see little stars on the map of where it says China on our land.
The Lord said, 'Shut your eyes.
I have more to show you.
' That's what He just said.
Missouri is highlighted to me.
The state of Missouri is highlighted.
And I see the storm again.
I'm down at this level again, and I see towards the east, and I see the storm again.
Lord, a storm is coming.
They open the door.
Oh, I see Jeffrey Epstein's face.
I see that man's face.
I'm very hesitant to say, but I'll say it, Lord.
If you want me to say it, Lord, I'll say it.
Oh, the very thing they've refused to correct out of trying to protect, because of what's there.
Embarrassing things you will see.
For the very things you try to protect, the very things you try to hide will come back.
Very, very, very.
Hide, hide, hide.
This is deeper than what you realize.
He says blackmail.
I see certain governments.
I see blackmail.
'How to stay...
You can't lose your leverage.
' You hear me?
'We can't lose this leverage.
It's what makes people do what we want them to do.
It's blackmail.
' I see a group of men.
I cannot tell you their names.
The Lord said, 'Do not say that.
' There's a group of men, and they're up there in the East, in Washington, and it goes clear into Europe, Asia.
They're like rats on a ship scurrying around right now.
I see rats and roaches scurrying around.
I see fire.
The thing is on fire because of the ignorance of what they had before they came into it, and they got in and started looking at it, and they said, 'Oh no, dead men tell no tales.
Dead men tell no tales.
' These people are so corrupt, these governments.
The Lord said, 'Don't concern yourself with it.
He knows it all, and He's going to deal with it all.
' Pray for your president.
It's making a front about the economy, about all these things, painting a pig with lipstick on—it's still a pig.
There's so much here the Lord is showing me tonight.
'It's a beautiful pig,' is what most people say, but it's an ugly pig.
The pig is a pig.
And you'll perceive it, and people will receive it as, 'Oh yeah, it's a pretty pig.
' But the pig is a pig, and it's a stinky pig.
And the pig is not what you think it is.
And this concerns interest rates, the economy, housing.
Watch.
I see the housing, the pig, the interest rate on this thing, and I see interest rates still on this sign.
And now on the sign it says taxes.
And I see a lowering of—and it has a black arrow on this thing—and it says taxes.
I hear, 'Ride the wave.
Ride the wave.
A wave doesn't last forever.
A wave is for a moment and, in some cases, a season.
Ride the wave, for the wave will crash soon.
The wave will crash soon.
' And I see the wave, and it has dollar bills in it.
It has gold coins in it.
The wave is a wave of money, or the wave is water, but inside of the wave is money and gold coins.
And I see dollar signs, buildings, cars, riches.
It's a wave that is not that big.
The Lord said the wave looks like it's massive, but the wave is not massive.
The wave is actually small.
I'm looking at this wave, and the wave is made to be painted out to be a major wave, but yet it's not a very big wave.
And I hear, 'Ride the wave,' because it's made to look inflated.
The wave looks inflated.
It's made to look big, but it's actually transparent, like you can see through it.
The water is see-through.
It's very shallow water.
It's not a lot of thickness to this water.
It looks very transparent.
You can see through it.
But I'm saying it's shallow.
The deeper water is hard to see through.
Shallow water.
When you're looking at a glass of water, it's see-through.
It's transparent.
But the money is in there, and there are little dollar signs, and there are coins, and there's stuff on it.
So, it's not blue.
It looks like this glass of water.
It's water, not like beautiful blue.
It's like water.
Okay.
Now, I see oil derricks on top of it.
I see oil derricks on top of it.
There are two oil derricks.
'Ride the wave.
Ride the wave.
A wave does not last forever.
' The Lord says, 'A wave,' and it's already starting to be at its breaking point.
And I see it, and it's in the winter months.
I'm in January.
I'm in December.
And I see the wave already turning like this, and it's going in like you see a tsunami.
But the money is all in it, and it's turning, and the money...
And I see oil derricks.
I see these things.
And this pig is being paraded around.
Now, this is going to sound really interesting.
Now, Lord, I see Elon Musk, and he's a cartoon, and he's riding on a Tesla.
And his face is sweating, and his mouth is open, and he has a new-looking hat on, and it has writing on it that says what he is trying to be, a political party.
You will see.
And he has this, and he's riding a Tesla, and he looks like a cartoon, and he has a black hat on with a black shirt, and he's dressed like he always is.
And he's riding a Tesla that is cut off, and he's on the outside of the Tesla, like you're in a parade.
He's very concerned on his face.
Short-lived—not him, but the decision of what he's doing.
Loses steam.
I'm looking into it, and it's like it's paused.
And so it's about challenging the land grab from China.
I see Trump coming against all the land that China has in America, like trying to devise a plan through the Senate and the House to come against foreign adversaries buying land in America.
That's what China...
how He says China.
I'm telling you, I hear it.
Trying to stop them from having land in our farmland and everything.
Trying to make America great again.
But painting a pig, the boat's sinking, folks.
I'm telling you, I see the boat.
The pig looks good.
I'm seeing the pig, and I'm seeing trying to appease the people, trying to do things that he said he would do.
I've seen the Epstein thing, and they try to bury it.
They don't want what's all on that list—the blackmail—and I see this stuff.
They might give you a little bit, but they're never going to expose the whole thing because there are politicians on this thing that they cannot expose.
There are dark things on this list.
But distraction, sleight of hand.
I see the distraction and the sleight of hand.
'Look over here, look over here, look over here, pretty girl.
' You know, like they're doing over here.
I keep seeing that: 'Look over here' as we're doing over here.
Ride the wave.
Glory to God.
I see a setting up in each state, for the beginning of the tribulation is at hand.
I'm telling you all, I see a setting up of each state, getting them ready, getting people in position, getting things ready.
Oh my gosh.
When I'm looking into something, I wish there was so much of me so I want to be able to tell you the colors, the walls, and the things that I'm seeing and the storms.
There's so much to each individual vision, each glimpse of colors, and the things that the Lord's showing me.
It is not just by my words of what I relay to you; there's so much more to it.
Like this, I can't describe to you what I'm seeing about these thick concrete walls that are being set up around Texas.
They're like thick concrete walls, and they look almost like granite, like you would see in those old Greek buildings, the Greek coliseums.
And it's by the border by Mexico, down by that area, and it's coming up by all that.
I see this thick wall like Texas.
There's something about Texas, and I keep seeing it on the side, on the walls, on this side and on the Louisiana side, but not up here towards Oklahoma.
Father, I thank You.
I thank You, Father, for all that You show me.
And I plead the blood over my eyes, Father.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
I thank You.
I give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
I thank You, Father.
We praise You, Father.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, out of the state of Missouri, I see golden chains that are being extended straight up into the heavens.
They look like massive golden ship chains that would be on an anchor.
You know, like when you see those huge ship chains on massive boats that they drop down for the anchor, they're gold.
They're pure gold.
And they're being extended from Missouri in America all the way up, but they're pulled tight; there's no slack in them.
I see them, and there are three, maybe a fourth one, but they're all extended into the ground, anchored, and going straight up, being pulled tight, and they go clear up into the skies.
I see a beautiful blue sky with clouds that look like marshmallow clouds all around them, and they disappear in the sky.
The chains are glowing, transparent-looking gold with sparkles.
They're sparkling all over these chains, and it's almost like the chains are electrified, but they're gold, and they go straight into the ground.
I can't see where they go, but I see them, and they're all pulled tight.
That's what I saw.
Now, I don't know what that is, but I'm just telling you what I see.
And it's coming out of Missouri and parts of Oklahoma where we're at in Tulsa.
That's right here in the Tulsa area, and it goes over to the Branson area, and it goes up here by the Kansas City area, and they're pulled tight.
Father, I just worship You.
I worship You, Father.
I praise You, Father.
I thank You, Lord.
I praise You, Father, for the last outpouring of the Spirit.
I thank You, Father, that we're anchored.
We're anchored in You.
This is an area that's anchored in You.
We're expecting the glory, like a Jacob's ladder, like a beautiful outpouring of the Spirit like we've never seen before.
This area is anchored in You.
It's anchored in the Word.
Father, we pray over these chains and these anchors.
We pray that we're anchored in You.
We've got this chain; we're anchored in You.
It's a foundation.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord.
Oh, God, we praise You.
Hallelujah.
Lord, we thank You.
Lord, is there anything else You want to show me between this one and the last one?
Lord, Glory to God.
And that's just the beginning.
A great outpouring of My Spirit is on the schools.
I see it on the high schools.
I see it on the public school system.
A great outpouring on your college campuses, even a greater outpouring in old country churches.
I see old country churches with white buildings with little steeples, Mom and Pop in little towns.
It's not the great big mega-churches; it's just little towns.
There's fire in the pews.
I'm looking through the window of this little church, and I see fire in the pews.
There's much in store, much in store of the glorious church, the glorious outpouring.
I see it.
I see that plague again, and I see the glorious church.
I see the churches, and they're wooden pews, and inside there, there's fire.
Each one has individual fire sitting on there, many flames of fire in the pews.
Some of the fires are bigger, and some of the fires are smaller, but each one of the flames is on these pews, sitting in the pews, looking like it's just sitting there on each pew.
Big fire, smaller fire, big fire, smaller fire.
And it keeps going down.
They're all over in these pews in this beautiful white little church.
It's white boards, and it has windows all on the side.
I see the sun setting down on one side of that church.
I'm looking through the church, and there's fire all in these wooden pews.
It looks like it's all out in the country.
Glory to God.
Oh, the glorious church.
Arise, oh church.
Oh, Thank You, Lord.
The fire on these churches.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank You, Lord.
Glory to Your name.
I see the babies again, and the babies are getting fed.
They're all around that little white building church.
The babies are coming.
They're all outside of the church.
In the church, there's fire on the pews, but there are babies outside the church at the doors, sitting outside, waiting on the people to come pick them up.
They're waiting outside there, all kinds of little babies outside of the church, sitting on the outside.
There are babies crying; they need help out there.
They're sitting in the green grass.
They're sitting out there in the grass outside that church.
And it's outside there.
Amen.
The Lord said, "Be patient.
Be patient with all these babies, for you were once a baby.
" Because you're in that church and the flames of fire will come.
They're attracted to the fire.
They're sitting outside, but it's time for them to come up higher, too.
But be patient with my babies.
Remember I was patient with you, for the babies are coming.
These are my babies.
Open the door and let them in.
Teach them.
Raise them up, for many babies are coming.
Many babies, spiritual babies are coming.
Open the door and let them in.
They're outside.
There's a lot of them outside, and he said, "Be patient with them.
Be patient with those babies.
" When they dirty themselves, and when they're crying, and when they have dirty diapers, you don't throw them out.
They have to be taught.
He said you have to teach them.
He said you got to teach the babies, and I see a Bible open up and I see them being taught.
I see them being taught right, and they're listening.
They're babies and they're crying.
I'm talking about little bonnets on.
I'm talking about little cloth diapers on, and I see little sailor outfits on some of them.
They have ruffle diapers on.
They're ruffled-looking bloomers and they're sitting out on the ground, and there's an elderly-looking woman, and it looks like she has curly hair, and I see her and she's reading the Word to these babies.
No, there's a lot of them coming.
He says, "There's a lot of new babies coming, spiritual babies, infants just got born again.
" He said, "Be patient with them.
Don't be harsh.
Walk in love towards them.
There's a lot of babies coming.
Walk in love toward them and know that they're just babies.
They're not going to have everything down quick.
They're not going to know anything.
A baby doesn't.
A baby has to be trained, but you didn't know it either when you first started.
So don't expect them to grab ahold of it.
You teach them.
" He said, "This will be a time of fun, for it's just begun.
Times of great fun have just begun.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
That's all he said today.
That's all I have today.
I got to take a break.
I have to take a break now.
It pulls on my flesh and I've done two videos back to back and I'm tired now.
Thank you, Lord, for what you show us.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you show us.
Thank you, Lord.
I give you praise and glory for all of it, Lord.
And I praise you, Father, for many, many things, many more things we need to do for you.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
Well, hallelujah.
I'm so thankful that you showed up today.
I pray this video blessed you.
I do.
I pray it blessed you.
If you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and we have lots more to pray about.
But that was a really interesting prayer time tonight of things the Lord's showing us that's coming.
Ride the wave, scarecrows.
So I appreciate y'all being here with me today.
I know there was a lot there, but he said, "I have a lot to show you.
" So I pray it blesses you.
I want to close the video by saying this.
We love you.
We appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you for joining us every single day.
It means a lot to me.
Thank you for praying with me.
There's a lot there the Lord wants to show us and prepare us for what's coming.
Don't be deceived by things.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.